For our project, we would like to use NLP techniques to analyze large corporations’ climate policies and pledges. Following the strategies of [“A computational approach to analyzing climate strategies of cities pledging net zero”](https://www.nature.com/articles/s42949-022-00065-x#Sec2), we intend to scrape and retrieve a dataset of companies’ climate policies, any net-zero carbon pledges, and also their announcements. We aim to analyze and identify patterns of net-zero targets and also look into any patterns and themes written in their policies. 

Additionally, we are interested to see whether an LLM would be able to read a particular company’s climate policy or announcement and predict the companies’ ESG score or carbon output; the motivation behind this would be to see if there are any text patterns that correlate with a company’s actual success in decarbonization.

Our challenges in grabbing the data require us to manually scrape companies’ websites and blogs for their climate policies and announcements, because there is no existing datasource of all companies’ climate policies. To start off, we are thinking of creating a list of 500 large companies, starting with those in the technology industry, and manually looking for their policies/announcements. While many of these companies do have existing climate policy pages which would be easier to retrieve, their specific net-zero pledges are hidden in a previous blog post circa 2020 (for example, this is the case for Google and Microsoft) and require human judgment and reading for identification. For retrieving ESG scores, we intend to look at the ESG risk rating provided by [Sustainalytics](https://www.sustainalytics.com/esg-ratings).

As we start working on the project, we have 2 major concerns: 1) because we are manually creating the dataset by hand, we don’t have many samples. Effectively, any kind of training or modeling we do will be few-shot. 2) We expect the success of the LLM’s ability to predict the ESG score or any other carbon output score to be low. Our literature research suggests that other studies which have used ML to predict a company’s (or government’s) carbon emissions usually take into account many other factors, such as location, business size, total profit of the company of the year, and many other factors. We hypothesize that while it’s possible there may be slight correlations between the way a company’s climate policy is worded and their carbon emissions output or ESG score, these targets are much more dependent on other variables which would not be captured by our LLM.
